[Music]
all right I'm gonna I'm gonna start with
the the mailman trying to make a
stranger's day and I want to tell you I
love you how's it going yeah I meant
just wanted to say that I love you I
hope you have a good day any time you
pick Thomas up for like a challenge in
public or have anything interactive
strangers that's what gets them out of
his comfort zone the most he's just
everybody hey guys I'm trying to
practice telling Street people I love
them and I just want to say I love you
guys how much money to have to give you
to let me skip this one you're trying to
practice telling strangers that I love
them so I love you this is how you're
not really you just go up reach someone
with very like open and relaxed energy
because that's always that's always the
hard part is when you try to do
something with a stranger of course
you're anxious and afraid of being shut
down but at the end of the day you just
realize like you you cook you're causing
no harm to that person the worst thing
that is happening is that you're just
wasting like ten seconds that's ten
seconds at this time going up to
strangers and talking them and I want to
tell you that I love you is it weird is
love weird yeah just pay it forward go
tell someone you love them right cheers
man have a good one I wanted to tell you
that I love you hey guys I'm just trying
to practice telling strangers I love
them so I love you guys oh yeah that's
my first love me back I got oh yeah cool
hey man I'm trying to practice telling
strangers I love them so I love you you
love me too
I just want to say I love you guys
yeah have an awesome time where you guys
from somewhere oh cool
lice somewhere sounds awesome MacBook
yeah just once I love you I hope you
have a great day
tell my grandma today I loved her and it
felt so good to check out the many do
you have recommendations all right well
I love you I hope you have a great day
Cheers
yeah dude I love your t-shirt thank you
also I love you I'm trying to tell I'm
trying to have more people that alright
good
I Love You Man yeah see I Love You Man
yeah I'm trying to practice telling
strangers I love them so I love you I'm
just trying to practice telling
strangers I love them so I just want to
tell you I love you dude I just heard
what I said and I just repeat it
I have no intuition here it's just it's
theft - I'm on fire right now [ __ ] if
I can tell anyone I love hello
I'm practicing telling strangers I love
them so I love you awesome
cool I want to wait I've got a I'm able
to not make it weird I've looked raging
anxiety right now we should pass this
challenge up to for the audience either
go try and tell a stranger that you love
them and see how the interaction goes or
just tell someone that you haven't
entered in the comments to say I love
you to each other that would be like the
nicest most positive youtube comment
section of all time for sure but
actually like it do it in real life it
feels amazing sell someone that you love
them even if you don't know them I love
you guys see you sometimes it doesn't
work
[Music]